Use ReposourceCloneURLToRepoName in editor endpoint (#16846)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Imported changesets acquired an extra button to download the "generated diff", which did nothing, since imported changesets don't have a generated diff. This button has been removed. [#16778](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/16778)
- Quoted global filter values (case, patterntype) are now properly extracted and set in URL parameters. [#16186](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/16186)

> - The endpoint for "Open in Sourcegraph" functionality in editor extensions now uses external service information to resolve the repository, which makes it more correct and respect the `repositoryPathPattern` setting. [#16846](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/16846)

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
- The endpoint for "Open in Sourcegraph" functionality in editor extensions now uses code host connection information to resolve the repository, which makes it more correct and respect the `repositoryPathPattern` setting. [#16846](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/16846)
```
